Redirects UI text, AIW instructions, library fixes (#2137)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/test-registration-hook/index.md

To preview the Registration Inline Hook:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Workflow** > **Inline Hooks**.

> 2. Click on the Registration Inline Hook name (in this example, "Guide Registration Hook Code").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the Registration Inline Hook name (in this example, "Guide Registration Hook Code").
```
